How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    If a bug is newly introduced, which means the older version doesn't have it but the newer one has, 
    Then this bug must be having some concerns with this change。 So viewing the diff can help.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

	In the process of changing a file every change will introduce expected or unexpected consequences, which we will 
	often need to go back to check out how things are going. At this time the ability of easy access to the entire
	history of this file will do a great help.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

	Manually choosing when to create a commit often make the commit reasonable and logical.
	But if you isn't used to committing when you need to commit, it may be helpful to work along
	with automatical version control tools.
   

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Often one project consists of multiple files, and they're connected. If we don't check in all the files in one commit,
    it will be annoy to find which version of which file populate the same version of project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log show me what kind of changes have made by who at what time in each commit. So by skimming that log I can find out
    how files have changed.
    Once I find a commit which interests me, I can type git diff ID1 ID2 to review the details about how that changes happened.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I always can restore my current version to any previous version through git checkout ID.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to set up my first project on it.
